[All hosts] (Security) Clarify web add-in terminology (#3205)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/concepts/privacy-and-security.md

| Setting name | Description |
|--------------|-------------|
| Allow Unsecure web add-ins and Catalogs | Allows users to run non-secure Office Add-ins, which are Office Add-ins that have webpage or catalog locations that are not SSL-secured (https://) and are not in users' Internet zones. |

> | Block Web Add-ins | Allows you to prevent users from running Office Add-ins using web technologies. |

Reviewer: Suggestion to make this not sound like we're using web technologies to block the add-ins.
```suggestion
| Block Web Add-ins | Allows you to prevent users from running Office Add-ins that use web technologies. |
```

> | Block the Office Store |  Allows you to prevent users from running or inserting Office Add-ins that come from the Office Store. |

Reviewer: The button in the ribbon is called **Get Add-ins**, so mybe using "get" instead of "insert" is more intuitive?
```suggestion
| Block the Office Store |  Allows you to prevent users from getting or running Office Add-ins that come from the Office Store. |
```

Author: Thanks! These are great suggestions.
